An ant and a tan and an ant and a pan.

A big bug bit the little beetle but did the little beetle bit the big bug back?

A good cook could cook as much cookies as a good cook who could cook cookies.

A sailor went to sea to see, what he could see. And all he could see was Sea, sea, sea. 

A box of mixed biscuits, a mixed biscuit box.
 
Black bug bit a big black bear. But where is the big black bear that the big black bug bit?

Black bug's blood.

Beat a beet to see the beet beaten.
 
Betty bought butter; the butter was bitter so Betty bought better butter to make the bitter butter better butter.

Black Brick is back on the back of the black Sheep.

Bubble bobble, bubble bobble, bubble bobble

Bumble bee bumbles; why does bumble bee bumble all the while?

Crisp crusts crackle and crunch.

Did the Cock crow as loudly as the crow cawed?

Double bubble gum, bubbles double.

Duck ducked the drake and dipped the drake 

Freshly-fried fat flying fish

If two witches were watching two watches, which witch would watch which watch?

If a black bug bleeds black blood, what colour blood does a blue bug bleed?

If Tim is Tom’s brother and if Tom is Tim’s brother whose brothers are Tim and Tom?

If you understand, say "understand". If you don't understand, say "don't understand". But if you understand and say don't understand". How do I understand that you understand? Understand!

I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish, but if you wish the wish the witch wishes, I won't wish the wish you wish to wish.

I saw a saw that could out saw any other saw I ever saw.

I thought, I thought of thinking of thanking you.

I thought a thought. But the thought I thought wasn't the thought. I thought I thought.

Jolly juggling jesters jauntily juggled jingling jacks

Kind Kitty kissed the kitten
 
One and only one owl on one and only one Bowl.

Pick a pack, pick a pack and pack the pack

Red bulb blue bulb red bulb blue bulb

Red blood blue blood, Red blood blue blood

Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled pepper corn, if Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled pepper corn, where is the peck of pickled pepper corn that Peter Piper Picked?

Penny's pretty pink piggy bank

Poland, Holland full of land in La La Land.

Row an oar to row a boat, row a boat.

Rubber baby-buggy bumpers.

Purple Paper People, Purple Paper People, Purple Paper People.

She sells sea-shells on the sea shore.

Sizzling summer sizzled up Sizzy.

Tap a tip and tip a tap till tip of the tap tops.

There are three teak trees in the land of Treeks.

Ting a tang, tang a ting. Does the tang ting when the tang tings?

Tickle the pickle to see trickling of pickle.

Tomato is red; potato is brown why is not tomato brown and potato red?

Upper roller lower roller Upper roller lower roller. 

Where is who? Why is what?  When is where?

Water vapour water vapour water is vapoured and vapour is watered.

Would wood-peck peck wood?

Yellow yellow dirty fellow, fellow in yellow is fellow in fallow.

Yip yep yap yup, Yep yap, yup, yip, Yap, yup, yip, yep, Yup, yip, yep, yap.
